v0.5.9 — guided air-gapped package: explain, locate, build here, or fall back

Problem: the air-gapped path asked for a path to instana-airgapped.tar.gz and
told the operator nothing about what that file is, where it comes from, or
what to do without it.

1. Choosing air-gapped now prints a short explanation: what the package is,
   that 'stanctl air-gapped package' creates it on a machine with internet
   (the bastion), that it already contains stanctl (no .deb), its size and the
   IBM disk requirement (20-30 GB in the output directory), and that this
   installer can create it here.

2. A menu replaces the bare path prompt:
     1) use an existing instana-airgapped.tar.gz on this machine
        (a discovered archive in ., the script folder, ~ or ~/instana-airgap
        is offered as the default);
     2) create the package now on this machine;
     3) switch to an ONLINE installation instead;
     4) cancel the installation.
   An unusable archive or a failed build returns to the menu instead of
   stopping.

3. Option 2 (build_airgapped_package_locally) checks Ubuntu/Debian, sudo,
   reachability of artifact-public.instana.io and free space in the chosen
   output directory (default ~/instana-airgap; warns below 40 GB), asks for
   explicit confirmation, installs stanctl from the authenticated Instana APT
   repository if missing (same repository, keyring and auth file as on the
   Instana VM), and runs
     stanctl air-gapped package --env-file <root-only temp file> --output-dir <dir>
   The download and sales keys are passed only through the 600-mode temp env
   file, never on the command line. stanctl itself asks for the backend
   version. The resulting archive is inspected and used for the deployment.

4. Option 3 sets INSTALL_MODE=online; the rest of the run behaves exactly as
   an online installation (repository on the VM, exact stanctl/backend
   selection).

5. test-dry-run.sh adds single_airgapped_to_online and checks that the
   explanation is shown; existing air-gapped cases select option 1.

Not covered: a real package build or air-gapped deployment; both still need a
first supervised run.

Addendum (same day, after the first real package build on the management VM):
- gnupg/curl/ca-certificates are installed before the repository key; the
  APT source is written only after the keyring succeeds and removed again on
  failure; the keyring gets mode 644 (APT verifies as user _apt).
- Output directories with less than 20 GB free are refused (re-asked).
- 'stanctl air-gapped package' is retried up to 3 times; stanctl reuses
  images already exported into <dir>/airgapped/docker.
- Option 2 now mirrors the online path: the exact stanctl package version is
  chosen from 'apt-cache madison' and held, then the backend version is
  chosen from 'stanctl versions identify' and pinned into the package via
  STANCTL_INSTANA_VERSION (--instana-version). Both appear in the plan.

Verified 2026-09-18: full air-gapped single-node demo deployment completed
end to end (package built with option 2 on the management VM in
europe-west6, copied cross-region to us-central1-a, imported, stanctl up
--air-gapped, health checks passed). Later same-day additions: [y/N] prompts
with Enter default, single-pass archive inspection with percentage/elapsed
display, region/zone default from this machine's own GCE zone with a
cross-region warning for air-gapped copies.
